c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Alt_Fsharp_gpu.exe.config
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Alt_Fsharp_gpu.XML
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Alt_Fsharp_gpu.exe
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Alt_Fsharp_gpu.pdb
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.dll
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.FSharp.OpenCL.AST.dll
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.FSharp.OpenCL.Core.dll
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.FSharp.OpenCL.Extensions.dll
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.FSharp.OpenCL.Printer.dll
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.FSharp.OpenCL.Translator.dll
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.Helpers.dll
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.OpenCL.dll
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\FSharp.Core.dll
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\FSharpx.Core.dll
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\FSharpx.Text.StructuredFormat.dll
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\OpenCL.Net.dll
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.pdb
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.FSharp.OpenCL.AST.pdb
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.FSharp.OpenCL.Core.pdb
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.FSharp.OpenCL.Extensions.pdb
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.FSharp.OpenCL.Extensions.xml
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.FSharp.OpenCL.Printer.pdb
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.FSharp.OpenCL.Printer.xml
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.FSharp.OpenCL.Translator.pdb
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.FSharp.OpenCL.Translator.xml
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.Helpers.pdb
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\Brahma.OpenCL.pdb
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\FSharpx.Core.pdb
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\FSharpx.Core.xml
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\FSharpx.Text.StructuredFormat.pdb
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\FSharpx.Text.StructuredFormat.xml
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\bin\Release\FSharp.Core.xml
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\obj\x64\Release\Alt_Fsharp_gpu.exe
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\obj\x64\Release\Alt_Fsharp_gpu.pdb
c:\users\bruger\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\Alt-Fsharp-gpu\obj\x64\Release\Alt-Fsharp-gpu.fsprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
